once upon a time in a land called Los
Angeles there was a girl named Sam
who moved with a wicked stepmother
there's something I've always wanted to
tell you you're not very pretty and
you're not very bright and her two evil
stepsisters you've got mail yes
secret admirer beckons one day she got
an invitation they need to know who you
are please meet me at the Ankara dance
to meet her prince charming I need you
to mop the floors tonight unfortunately
her fairy godmother appeared let me deal
with mrs. potato here
go ahead girlfriend call me girlfriend
one more time okay so from the brothers
Warner comes a fairy tale people even
though their first sight
that's not by the book okay it's time to
meet
you are so dead I am very upset about
this you don't look upset for Botox I
can't show emotion for another hour and
a half
Hilary Duff Chad Michael Murray Thanks a
Cinderella story
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]